Lost
lost
I told you before.
I said I'd catch them
Is the magic exhausted?
fair
See you tomorrow.
gutless rat
Hey
Bad fate
Brother Ye Xuan
What is this?
This is the emperor's secret
Your father sent someone to protect you secretly
Emperor's Secret
It may not have been issued by the emperor
The previous letter
Blood bites my life third brother
What's wrong with the third brother?
Something's wrong.
What happened? What happened?
By then, my father had been sick for a long time
Resisted by foreign enemies
I had to let my big brother survive
Because behind him
Standing in the army with huge power
third brother and fourth brother
You two should never have been sent to Jade Pass, General
But my brother can only stay in Shangjing
It's been hard for you to scold people along the way
big brother
Demon invasion
We are royalty
It is right to follow the example of the previous emperor
lead the way
You two have to be careful along the way.
OK
Thank you for your concern
Third brother, my people came to report
They seem to say that the imperial teacher suggested that Ye Muze go
Even if the big brother wants to
That woman will never agree
Besides, we are far away from Shangjing
Not necessarily a bad thing
Military intelligence waits for no one
Get ready to go